hey whats up guys next hear back from my
crappy auction video and if they can
happen my app showcase for you guys when
we show you guys a map called boardwalk
carnival was created by a guy named Joey
games i believe and what he did was
build a hand-built minecraft a coalition
boardwalk carnival map and it's just
crazy as a lot of different features lot
of different things and it's the fact
that xenos just it's just an amazing
build and I want to share with you guys
and yeah so let's just let's just get
started for stuff at I'm not exactly
sure there's a start point because when
you downloaded it it's just weirdly I
just started in the water so I came up
back up here since the you know the
boardwalk starts kind of here and yeah
so let's just begin we're going to go
explore the whole thing you know
walkthrough around I'm not sure you know
maybe it's too big or something but
let's just go check it out together
alright so first off all no mobs allowed
so I don't think I yet my difficulty is
all the way down and yes so it said hit
this map so I'm very long time to create
it i'm not sure was three weeks or three
days i have to check that again but
right over here features the boardwalk
Carnival has both beach bumper cars
basketball ferris wheel food ice cream
hammer game petting zoo carousel show
psych show tyke stage double dungeon
adventure island so and so that's a lot
of things it's a lot of things and
there's a ship right here so is this
just a really cool build this is pretty
much what I'm what I'm saying here just
gonna see here fact this ship was parked
here during a storm in it is now land um
a cool cool cool beach this is the beach
over here I guess what this is where the
people would bathe and and you know just
have a fun time over here we have about
some kind of boats and you just beach is
really long and it's cool how you put
like you know details into this like
putting that chairs and stuff like that
and you know um you know shade cover
something that you can lay down over
here like a real beachy a real beach cuz
mama but it is kind of mean it's cool
it's a cool it's a cool thing so there's
a boat there's a beach it's pretty cool
welcome to the boardwalk carnival have a
nice day please keep our park mob free
or i guess like clean and it's like
we're walking the gates bumper cars wait
time five minutes so as you can see here
is he made it really a lot like carnival
you can see here you can walk around and
yeah so it's really cool there's a
bumper cars in there you know which is
always sweet and swell I'm not sure was
over here right ticket sales yellow all
right nice I understand so usually the
typical ticket ticket ripoff counter or
you already sell tickets for too much
money shooting some hoops haha it's fine
it's like a basketball thing oh you
seeking there's like a basketball
suspended in midair this is really cool
how are you putting your detail to this
and it's a really cool build the
download link will be the description
you know check it out and that's
actually thinking about that see maybe
you guys could tell William Peter this
was actually make a really cool Hunger
Games map somebody needs to like open
design you know some things we need to
be like taking away like and then like I
don't know which is like crafting tables
and stuff this is really really cool so
there's a bunch of different minigames
in lab do exactly sure what's over here
Castle Rock water slide you see it is
that it's like a water slide in like
it's fully functioning like because you
know you can slide in the water but what
else wait what I don't know I was maybe
I need to stop lying yeah now it works
and now that I stop lying alright and
you can see oh here's the petting zoo
here's a pansy you can see the chickens
the cams all the different animals
hopefully in the future we can have like
no different different things like
horses that's a long time from now now
here's the carousel it's just really
detailed map it's already awesome like
once once again the download link will
download pay page or the post or
whatever on on the mcp universe website
will be in the description of the
download so you can go check it out
yourself there's a bar you can drink it
stuff but yeah I just thought it was
really cool and sweet and I decided to
show you guys so you guys enjoyed the
video and that's it pretty much it level
doesn't tavern
mission beach I was always like a
dungeon aha I get it sorry okay okay I
get it all right well I hope you guys
enjoyed the video make sure to check
this guy out mr. Joey games for making
this awesome map link is in description
as always and yeah I'll see you guys
next time thanks for watching peace